Refactor prefetcher code (#818)
dask/gcsfs: docs/source/prefetcher.rst

The graph below plots the size of the data requested by the application (User Read Size) against the volume of data the prefetcher is fetching in the background (Scheduled/Queued Data).

.. image:: _static/prefetch_dynamic_transition.png

Notice how perfectly the prefetcher mirrors the application's changing behaviour across three distinct phases:

1. **Smooth Sequential Reading (0–10s):** The application starts by reading steady 16MB chunks. After three consistent reads, the prefetcher confirms the pattern and confidently ramps up its background fetching. It maintains a comfortable buffer ahead of the application so the user never waits on the network.
2. **Pausing for Random Seeks (10–20s):** The application suddenly stops reading in a straight line and starts jumping randomly around the file. Prefetching is actively harmful here. The engine instantly detects the broken streak and drops the background buffer to zero, ensuring no network bandwidth or memory is wasted downloading unneeded data.

> 3. **Adjusting to Massive Reads (20–30s):** The application resumes reading sequentially, but this time stepping up to massive 100MB chunks. The algorithm quickly catches on. It detects the new streak, calculates the new rolling average, and rebuilds the background buffer—this time scaling it up safely to handle the much larger data chunks.

Reviewer: Removing superlatives - I think it's clearer with neutral language.

```suggestion
Notice how the prefetcher mirrors the application's behaviour across three distinct phases:

1. **Sequential reading (0–10s):** The application starts by reading 16MB chunks. After three reads, the prefetcher ramps up its background fetching. It maintains a buffer ahead of the application so the user never waits on the network.
2. **Random seeks (10–20s):** The application starts jumping randomly around the file. Prefetching would be harmful here. The engine detects the broken streak and drops the background buffer to zero, ensuring no network bandwidth or memory is wasted downloading data.
3. **Larger sequential reads (20–30s):** The application resumes reading sequentially, but this time stepping up to 100MB chunks. The algorithm detects the new streak, calculates the new rolling average, and rebuilds the background buffer—this time scaling it up to handle the larger data chunks.
```

Author: Done
